Includes tobacco use as well as alcohol use.
Denies tobacco or alcohol use.
The patient has a 25-year-smoking history, which I believe is quite heavy and he has a significant alcohol use in the past.
He now resides in an extended care facility with a capped tracheostomy tube, and he unfortunately states he has had not had to use the tracheostomy tube since his discharge and admission to the extended care facility.
No history of smoking.
He is a sophomore at High School.
Nonsmoker, nondrinker.
Denies illicit drug use.
He complained to his parent.
He does not smoke or drink.
He has tried to eliminate his amount of tobacco and he is actually taking Nicorette gum at this time.
He is on Nicorette gum.
The patient is single, self-employed carpenter.
He chews tobacco or having chewing tobacco for 30 years, about half a can per day, but notes he has been recently off, and he does note occasional moderate alcohol use.
History of tobacco use.
He has recently stopped tobacco.
He has been chewing tobacco for about 30 years.
She is married.
She works at Eye Center as a receptionist.
She denies tobacco at this time though she was a previous smoker, stopped four years ago, and she denies alcohol use.
The patient is single.
She is unemployed at this time.
She is a smoker about a pack and a half for 38 years and notes rare alcohol use.
Tobacco use.
The patient is single.
She is a student.
Denies tobacco or alcohol use.
Some minor second-hand tobacco exposure.
There are no pets in the home.
The patient is not in daycare.
There are no pets in the home.
There is no secondhand tobacco exposure.
No smoking, alcohol, or drug abuse.
He then had a problem with seizures, hemiparesis, has been to the hospital, developed C-diff, and is in the nursing home currently.
He is unable to stand at the moment.
He is unable to care for himself.
The patient is a 68-year-old Caucasian male with past medical history of diabetes mellitus.
A 68-year-old Caucasian male who was not in any acute hemodynamic distress at present.
The patient has been admitted to multiple hospitals over the last several months.
This patient is an 80-year-old white female with a known past medical history of diabetes mellitus type 2 for the past 9 year.
The patient lives by herself and has three pet cats.
She is an ex-smoker, quit smoking about five years ago.
She occasionally drinks a glass of wine.
She denies any other recreational drugs use.
She recently retired from State of Pennsylvania as a psychiatric aide after 32 years of service.
The patient is a 51-year-old Caucasian female with past medical history of morbid obesity and chronic lower extremity lymphedema.
A 51-year-old morbidly obese Caucasian female who is not in any acute hemodynamic distress at present.
A 51-year-old Caucasian female with multiple medical problems mentioned above including history of morbid obesity and chronic lower extremity lymphedema.
The patient had been previously a smoker.
No other could be obtained because of tracheostomy presently.
The patient also has a positive history of smoking in the past.
This is a 91-year-old male with a previous history of working in the coalmine and significant exposure to silica with resultant pneumoconiosis and fibrosis of the lung.
Prior to admission, the patient lived alone in a one storied dwelling.
She does have some equipment at home including a powered wheelchair, which she uses for longer distance.
She does have some ambulatory devices also.
She used to smoke, but quit about 10 years ago.
She smoked 1 to 2 packs a day from age 18 to 54.
She does not smoke.
She denies smoking or alcohol or drug use.
She enjoys cooking and scrapbooking.
She does have a boyfriend;
again she states she is not sexually active.
She also states that she exercises regularly, does not smoke cigarettes, use drugs, or drink alcohol.
She is a public relations consultant.
She is a nonsmoker, drinks infrequent alcohol and does not use drugs.
She enjoys horseback riding and teaches jumping.
She works as a cook for a nursing home, is single and has one daughter.
Never smoked.
Denies any alcohol.
No tobacco.
No ethanol.
She lives by herself.
She currently works in a dental office.
The patient is a 19-year-old Irish-Greek female who ever since elementary school has noted diarrhea, constipation, cramping, nausea, vomiting, bloating, belching, abdominal discomfort, change in bowel habits.
She does not drink or smoke.
The patent moved up from Eugene.
She currently lives up here and works in Portland.
The patient is a 23-year-old female referred for evaluation due to a chronic history of abdominal pain and extensive work-up for abnormal liver function tests and this chronic nausea and vomiting referred here for further evaluation due to the patient's recent move from Eugene to Portland.
He smokes one pack of cigarettes per day.
He is a social drinker.
He is not married, but has two children.
Hobbies:  Computers, hiking, camping, fishing.
He continues on full duty work.
He was released to regular work.
The patient is a 54-year-old right-handed male who works as a phlebotomist and respiratory therapist at Hospital.
This 49-year-old white male, established patient in dermatology, last seen in the office on 08/02/2002, comes in today for initial evaluation of a hyperesthesia on his right abdomen, then on his left abdomen, then on his left medial thigh.
The patient is married.
He works as an airplane mechanic.
He is a nonsmoker.
No known drug allergies.
She walks her daughter to school and back home each day which takes 20 minutes each way.
She is trying to walk 1-1/2 to 2 miles every other day, but is increasing her time in the garden and doing other yard work as well.
She is doing some physical activity two to three times a week.
This includes aerobic walking with weights on her arms and her ankles.
Her physical activity level has remained high.
The patient states that her husband has been diagnosed with high blood cholesterol as well.
The two of them live alone now, and she is used to cooking for large portions.
She is starting a new job this week.
In the last 24 hours when she was working at Wal-Mart, she ate at 5 a.m. but did not eat anything prior to that since starting work at 10 p.m.
She is actually trying not to eat while she is working third shift at Wal-Mart.
She is complaining of feeling fatigued and tired all the time because she works from 10 p.m. to 7 a.m. at Wal-Mart and has young children at home.
He is exercising six to seven days per week by swimming, biking, running, lifting weights one and a half to two and a half hours each time.
The patient says she stays active by walking at the mall.
She is exercising pretty regularly.
The patient is a 79-year-old African-American female with a self reported height of 5 foot 3 inches and weight of 197 pounds.
The patient and her daughter completed both days of diabetes education in a group setting.
This 9-month-old Hispanic male comes in today for a 9-month well-child check.
Mom says he has been doing well since last seen.
Lives with parents.
There is no smoking in the household.
History of tobacco use.
Significant for about a 20-pack-year tobacco use, quit in 1991.
No ethanol use or illicit drug use.
He is married.
He has one dog at home.
He used to be employed at Budd Automotors as a die setter for about 37 to 40 years.
A pleasant, obese, African-American male in no apparent respiratory distress.
Patient presents with Mom for first visit to the office for two week well-child check.
Patient lives at home with 22-year-old mother Aubrey Mizel and her parents Bud and Sue Mizel in Newton, Kansas.
Father of the baby, Shivanka Silva age 30, is a full-time student at WSU in Wichita, Kansas and does help with care of the newborn.
There is no smoking in the home.
Family does have one pet dog in home.
The patient presents with Mom and Dad for her 1-year well child check.
A well-developed, well-nourished, cooperative, alert and interactive 1-year-old white female smiling, happy and drooling.
Mom has tried Mylicon drops on occasion.
The patient presents with Mom for a first visit to our office for a well-child check with concern of some spitting up quite a bit.
Mom wants to make sure that this is normal.
The patient lives at home with 23-year-old mother, who is a homemaker and 24-year-old father, John, who is a supervisor at Excel.
The family lives in Bentley, Kansas.
No smoking in the home.
Family does have one pet cat.
Well-developed, well-nourished, cooperative, alert, interactive 2-week-old white female in no acute distress.
Mom reports uncomplicated pregnancy with prenatal care provided by Dr XYZ in Wichita, Kansas.
Did well after delivery and dismissed to home with Mom.
Unchanged since last checkup.
Well-developed, well-nourished, cooperative, alert and interactive 5-year -3month-old white female in no acute distress.
Patient presents with Mom and Dad for her 5-year 3-month well-child check.
Lives at home with mother, father and sibling.
No smoking in the home.
She is married.
Denies tobacco, alcohol and drug use.
The patient is a 68-year-old white female who presents for complete physical, Pap and breast exam.
Her last Pap smear was 05/02/2002.
She is a well-developed, well-nourished white female in no acute distress.
She is a nonsmoker and nondrinker.
She has been widowed for 18 years.
She lives alone at home.
She is retired from running a restaurant.
She works at nursing home.
She is a nonsmoker.
She is currently trying to lose weight.
She is on the diet and has lost several pounds in the last several months.
She quit smoking in 1972.
The patient is single.
She lives with her boyfriend and his father.
She works at Norcraft.
She wears seatbelt 30% of the time.
I encouraged her to use them all of the time.
She is a nonsmoker, nondrinker.
She works at Norcraft and injured her right thumb on 09/10/2004 at 12:15 a.m.
The patient is a 21-year-old Hispanic female.
She comes in today with her boyfriend.
This 45-year-old gravida 3, para 2, SAB 1 white female presents for exam and Pap.
She is a well-developed, well-nourished, pleasant white female in no distress.
Her husband has had a vasectomy.
Social history is unchanged.
She states that for a while she was really exercising regularly and eating lots of fruits and vegetables.
Right now, she is not doing nearly as well.
She has perhaps two dairy servings daily, trying to cut down.
She is not exercising at all and fruit and vegetable intake varies.
She is a nonsmoker.
Last cholesterol was in 2003 and was normal.
She had a mammogram which was normal recently.
She is current on her tetanus update.
Noted and reviewed today.
They are on the health care flow sheet.
Reviewed and updated - see Health Summary Form for details.
He states that he has reached a critical decision in the last week that he understands that he cannot continue with his health decisions as they have been made, specifically the lack of exercise, the obesity, the poor eating habits, etc.
The patient still smokes about a third of a pack a day, also drinks only occasional alcoholic drinks.
The patient is married.
She has three grown sons, all of which are very successful in professional positions.
One son is a gastroenterologist in San Diego, California.
A 77-year-old white female who is having more problems with joint pain.
She otherwise states that sex is so painful that she is unable to have sex with her husband, even though she "wants to."
She started menarche at 10 years of age and she is still irregular and it runs in Mom's side of the family.
Mom and maternal aunt have had total hysterectomies.
She will be involved in cheerleading, track, volleyball, and basketball.
She also plays clarinet, and will be involved also in cheerleading.
She likes to swim in the summer time.
She is a widow, lives alone.
Denies any tobacco or alcohol use.
The patient is a 75-year-old, Caucasian female who comes in today with complaint of feeling weak and shaky.
The patient is a 76-year-old white female who presents to the clinic today originally for hypertension and a med check
She is married.
A 76-year-old who used to smoke a pack a day and quit in 1985.
She is retired.
She is a nonsmoker.
Her boss asks her if she was actually on drugs in which she said no.
A very pleasant 60-year-old white female in no acute distress.
She has been a widow over the last 11 years.
Her husband died in an MVA from a drunk driver accident.
She had previously worked at the bank in Conway Springs in Norwich and had several other jobs related to accounting or management services.
She does have an MBA in business.
Currently, she works at T-Mobile Customer Service, and there is quite a bit of technical knowledge, deadlines, and stress related to that job as well.
The patient smokes one pack of cigarettes per day and takes drinks on social occasions.
Well-built, well-nourished black female in no acute distress.
This 57-year-old black female complains of having pain and discomfort in the left upper arm, especially when she walks and after heavy meals.
Her exercise tolerance is one to two blocks for shortness of breath and easy fatigability.
The patient does not smoke or take any drinks.
The patient is on disability.
He does not smoke.
He does not drink alcohol.
He is single.
He lives with a girlfriend.
He has minimal activities of daily living.
XYZ is a basketball player for University of Houston who sustained an injury the day prior.
The patient is retired.
She is married with three grown children.
Has a high school level education.
Does not smoke, drink, or utilize any illicit substances.
He is well-developed, well-nourished white male, in no acute distress.
This is a very nice 53-year-old white male with no previous history of heart disease, was admitted to rule out MI and coronary artery disease.
His wife continues to inject him.
Reviewed.
There are no changes, otherwise.
The patient denies tobacco, ethanol, or drug use.
She is currently separated from her partner who is the father of her 21-month-old daughter.
She currently lives with her parents in Greenville.
However, she was visiting the estranged boyfriend in Wilkesboro, this week.
She states that she and her daughter's father had been in an argument over the state of their relationship.
A 34-year-old Caucasian female, gravida 2 para 1-0-0-1, at unknown gestation who presents after suicide attempt.
She is single.
She drinks alcohol once a week.
She does not smoke.
Negative except that she was rehabilitated for alcohol addiction in 1990.
The patient is married.
She is an office manager for a gravel company.
She drinks on a weekly basis and she smokes about two packs of cigarettes over a week's period of time.
She is doing this for about 35 years.
She is a single mother of one adopted child.
He is currently single.
He drinks alcohol ten to twelve drinks a week, but does not drink five days a week and then will binge drink.
He smokes one and a half pack a day for 15 years, but he has recently stopped smoking for the past two weeks.
He used to drink everyday, but stopped two years ago.
He now only drinks on weekends.
He is single.
Currently employed.
She is married.
She is in sales.
She does not smoke.
She drinks wine a few drinks a month.
He exercises three times a week at home and does cardio.
He is currently single.
He has about ten drinks a year.
He had smoked significantly up until several months ago.
He now smokes less than three cigarettes a day.
The patient has been residing at South Valley Care Center.
The patient lives with his wife.
The patient apparently lives with his wife and was found to have a decreased status since the last one day.
When the Adult Protective Services actually went to the patient's house, he was found to be having decreased consciousness for a whole day by his wife.
As per his wife, she states that the patient was given an entire mg of Xanax rather than 0.125 mg of Xanax, and that is why he has had decreased mental status since then.
The patient's wife is not able to give a history.
He is single.
He has 2 children.
He drinks 4-8 beers per night and smokes half a pack per day for 30 years.
He was born in Salt Lake City.
He works in an electronic assembly for Harmony Music.
He has no history of hepatitis or blood transfusions.
The patient is a Mazatlan, Mexico resident, visiting her son here.
This patient is a resident from Mazatlan, Mexico, visiting her son here in Utah, with a history of diabetes.
She is married, lives with her husband, has 2 children that passed away and 4 surviving children.
No history of tobacco use.
No history of alcohol use.
She was able to express her husband's name and also recognize some family members, but she continued to be more somnolent when she was in the emergency department.
She drinks alcohol occasionally.
Unchanged from prior visit.
This is a 77-year-old white female patient whom I have known for the last about a year or so who has underlying multiple medical problems including hypertension, hyperlipidemia, diabetes mellitus, coronary artery disease status post aortocoronary bypass surgery about eight years ago at Halifax Medical Center where she had triple vessel bypass surgery with left internal mammary artery to the left anterior descending artery, saphenous vein graft to the left circumflex and right coronary arteries.
The patient is a widow.
She lives alone.
She does have three daughters, two of them live in Georgia and one lives in Tennessee.
She did smoke in the past up to one to one and a half packs of cigarettes per day for about 10 years, but she quit long time ago.
She never drank any alcohol.
She likes to drink one or two cups of tea in a day.
She was born in Houston, Texas and moved to Florida about 3 years ago.
She is divorced.
She has worked as a travel agent.
She has 2 sons ages 24 and 26, both of whom are alive and well.
She smokes a half a pack of cigarettes per day for more than 35 years.
She does not consume alcohol.
The patient is retired.
He is married.
He had 4 children.
He quite smoking 25 years ago after a 35-year history of smoking.
He does not drink alcohol.
The patient is a very pleasant 69-year-old Caucasian male whom we are asked to see primarily because of a family history of colon cancer, but the patient also has rectal bleeding on a weekly basis and also heartburn once every 1 or 2 weeks.
He denies tobacco or alcohol.
He has what sounds like a data entry computer job.
The patient has been a smoker since the age of 10.
So, he was smoking 2-3 packs per day.
Since being started on Chantix, he says he has cut it down to half a pack per day.
He does not abuse alcohol.
The patient is a well-built, obese, white male in no acute distress.
The patient is a 63-year-old white male who was admitted to the hospital with CHF and lymphedema.
Tobacco abuse.
He was encouraged to cut his cigarettes down to 5 cigarettes a day.
He says he feels like smoking after meals.
So, we will let him have it after meals first thing in the morning and last thing at night.
She is currently playing golf.
She is married, retired.
Denies tobacco or ethanol use.
This occurred while she was living in Korea.
Well-developed, well-nourished Korean female in no acute distress.
She did have a "nervous breakdown" in 1975 after the death of her husband.
She does not smoke.
She takes one glass of wine per day.
He is accompanied by his wife and daughter.
She states that she has tried several different things to help her quit smoking and she has failed everything and had heard good results about Chantix and wanted to give it a try.
The patient presents today stating that she needs refills on her Xanax, and she would also like to get something to help her quit smoking.
She is retired.
Does not smoke or drink.
He lives with his wife.
He works at Shepherd Pratt doing network engineering.
He smokes a pack of cigarettes a day and is working on quitting.
He drinks four alcoholic beverages per night.
Prior to that, he drank significantly more.
He denies illicit drug use.
He was athletic growing up.
A is a 55-year-old who I know well because I have been taking care of her husband.
She still smokes one pack of cigarettes a day.
She was counseled to quit.
She occasionally uses alcohol.
She has never used illicit drugs.
She is married, is a housewife, and has four children.
The patient is a resident of Lake Harris Port Square.
She has no history of alcohol use.
The patient is a 78-year-old, Hispanic woman with past medical history significant for coronary artery disease status post bypass grafting surgery and history of a stroke with residual left sided hemiplegia.
Apparently, the patient is a resident of Lake Harris Port Square long-term facility after her stroke.
The patient is companied to clinic today by his wife and daughter.
His daughter tape-recorded our discussions, so that they can review this.
He quit smoking in 1968.
However, the patient reports again today with his mother that they are now having continued symptoms of nasal obstruction and questionable sleep changes.
Again, the mother gives a very confusing sleep history but it does not truly sound like the child is having apneic events that are obstructive in nature.
The patient lives in Greensboro.
He smokes one pack of cigarettes a day and has done so for 15 years.
He denies any IV drug use and has an occasional alcohol.
This is a pleasant African-American male appearing his stated age in no acute distress.
Mr A is a pleasant 43-year-old African-American male who presents to our clinic for a colostomy reversal as well as repair of an incisional hernia.
She works running a day care at home.
She has three children.
She is married.
She does not smoke, use alcohol or illicit drugs.
This is a pleasant 47-year-old African-American female with what appears to be cryptogenic left temporal lobe epilepsy that is very well controlled on her current dose of lamotrigine.
This is a 47-year-old African-American female, well known to the neurology service, who has been referred to me for the first time evaluation of her left temporal lobe epilepsy that was diagnosed in August of 2002.
I had a long discussion with Mr. A and his daughter.
Mr A is a pleasant and cooperative man who is able to converse easily though his daughter adds some details.
Reviewed and remained unchanged.
Please see my earlier notes in charts.
Mother received the antibiotics, but she is not sure, if she received steroids also or not.
Lives with parents and with two siblings, one 18-year-old and the other is 14-year-old in house, in Corrales.
They have animals, but outside the house and father smokes outside house.
No sick contacts as the mother said.
Mother took him when cough started 2 days go to Clinic where they told the mother he has viral infection and gave him Tylenol, but yesterday at night cough got worse and he also started having fever.
Mother did not measure it.
Mother states he urinates like 5 to 6 times a day, stools 1 time a day.
He is still feeding good to mom.
He was premature at 33 weeks born at Hospital kept in NICU for 2 weeks for feeding problem as the mother said.
Mother had good prenatal care at 4 weeks for more than 12 visits.
Mother denies group B strep or herpes.
Here with mother and grandmother, lives at home.
There is no smoking at home.
Information is obtained in discussion with the mother and the grandmother in review of previous medical records.
The patient is divorced and is a homemaker.
No smoking or alcohol.
The patient works as a school teacher and teaching high school.
The patient has had no children and no pregnancies.
The patient is a 78-year-old white female with no prior cardiac history.
The patient is married, lives with her husband.
She is a lifetime nonsmoker, nondrinker.
She has not been getting regular exercise for approximately two years due to chronic sciatic pain.
This is a well-nourished, well-groomed elderly white female who is appropriate and articulate at the time of evaluation.
Elderly white female status post traumatic left hip fracture with atypical chest pain and baseline ST-segment abnormalities nondiagnostic.
Not smoking, hypertensive, dyslipidemic.
He is a nonsmoker, nonalcoholic, and not a drug user.
The patient is an 80-year-old African-American male, very well known to my service, with a past medical history significant for asbestos exposure.
Significant for her being without a companion at this point.
She was born in Munich, Germany.
She immigrated to of America in 1957 after her family had to move to Eastern Germany, which was under Russian occupation at that time.
She is divorced.
She used to work as a secretary and later worked as a clerical worker at IBM.
She stopped working more than 20 years ago due to complications from her mesothelioma.
She denies any significant tobacco, alcohol or illicit drugs.
She is bilingual speaking, German and English.
She has known English from before her teens.
She has the equivalent of a high school education in Germany.
She has one brother and one sister, both of whom are healthy and she does not spend much time communicating with them.
She has one son who lives in Santa Cruz.
He has grandchildren.
She is trying to contact with her grandchildren.
The patient is married and lives with his spouse.
He has history of tobacco smoking and also reports history of alcohol abuse.
No history of illicit drug abuse.
The patient is a 73-year-old pleasant Caucasian male who is known to me from his previous hospitalization.
This is a 36-year-old white female who presents to the office today with a complaint of left knee pain.
An 88-year-old white male with the following major medical issues:
Remarkable for being married, retired, quit smoking in 1997, rare use of alcohol, lives locally with his wife.
He is also an ex-smoker.
He is currently smoking and he is planning to quit and at least he should do this six to eight days before for multiple reasons including decreasing the DVT, PE rates and marginal ulcer problems after surgery, which will be discussed later on.
She is planning to start the patches to quit smoking, and she is going to be starting the Medifast in the next couple of weeks.
The patient is a life long nonsmoker.
She only drinks socially one to two drinks a month.
She is employed as a manager at the New York department of taxation.
She is married with four children.
The patient is a homemaker.
She is married, with 2 children aged 22 and 28.
She is a lifelong nonsmoker and nondrinker.
She is followed by a gynecologist in Bartow.
She is not an alcohol or tobacco user.
She is not married.
She has a 2-year-old child.
Despite increasing fatigue and lethargy, he continues his studies at University of Denver, has a biology major (he aspires to be an ophthalmologist).
The patient is a student at the University majoring in biology.
He lives in a dorm there.
His parents live in Breckenridge.
He admits to having smoked marijuana off and on with friends and drinking beer off and on as well.
The patient is a 26-year-old short Caucasian male who appears in excellent health, presented a week ago as he felt some pain in the ball of his left foot.
The patient is an 82-year-old Caucasian female admitted to the Hospital for elective total left knee arthroplasty.
The patient is originally from Maine.
She has lived in Arizona for 4 years.
She has had 2 children; however, only one is living.
She had one child died from complications of ulcerative colitis.
She has been predominantly a homemaker during her life, but has done some domestic cleaning work in the past.
The patient denies ever having smoked, denies any significant alcohol use, and lives with her daughter in Pasadena.
An elderly Caucasian female, awake and alert, and in no distress.
Instrumental ADLs completed with assistance from his wife.
The client does have two teenage children for which he does need to keep up with.
The patient lives with his wife and two children, ages 15 and 16 in a single floor apartment with rear entry.
The client does not work; however, he does fix some type of computers as his hobby.
His wife transports him in an oversized four-door vehicle.
Her husband left around 7 in the morning and returned around 11 and found her sleeping.
Husband has stated that the patient's chorea becomes better when she takes Haldol.
The patient lives with her husband of 48 years.
She used to be employed as a registered nurse.
Her husband states that she does have a pattern of self-prescribing for minor illness, but does not think that she has ever taken muscle relaxants or sedative medications without prescriptions.
She rarely drinks socially.
She denies any illicit substance usage.
Her husband reportedly gives her medication daily.
Has been proactive in terms of seeking mental health care and medical care.
The patient and husband report that from March 2009, she has been relatively independent, more socially active.
This is a 69-year-old white woman with Huntington disease, who presents with the third suicide attempt in the past two months.
Husband notes that on Monday after speaking to Dr X, they had been advised to alternate the patient's Pamelor (nortriptyline) to every other day because the patient was reporting dry mouth.
They did as they have instructed and husband feels this may have had some factor on her worsening depression.
The patient decided to ingest the pills when her husband went to work on Friday.
This is a 69-year-old Caucasian woman with a history of Huntington disease, who presented to Hospital four days ago after an overdose of about 30 Haldol tablets 5 mg each and Tylenol tablet 325 mg each, 40 tablets.
She does occasionally smoke and has been trying to quit recently.
She is currently smoking about a pack a day.
She drinks about once a week.
She is currently a registered nurse, circulator, and scrub technician in the operating room at Hopkins.
She has no children.
The patient is a very pleasant 34-year-old white female who is a nurse in the operating room.
According to the patient and the daughter who was with her, she was shopping when she felt abdominal discomfort with nausea, profuse sweating, and passed out.
History of tobacco use, smoked for 20 years, and quit 30 years ago.
Alcohol one to two drinks monthly.
She used to be a smoker, not anymore.
She drinks 2 to 3 glasses of wine per week.
She is retired.
At that time, her daughter was with her.
The patient is married.
Has four adult children.
Good health.
She is a lifetime nonsmoker, social alcohol drinker.
This is a well-nourished, well-developed white female who appears her stated age and somewhat anxious.
A middle-aged white female undergoing autologous stem cell transplant for multiple myeloma, now with paroxysmal atrial fibrillation.
The patient is a pleasant 55-year-old white female with multiple myeloma.
He lives with parents and siblings.
At home lives mom, dad, a 2-1/2-year-old brother, and a 5-1/2-year-old maternal stepbrother.
Both brothers at home are sick with cold symptoms including diarrhea and vomiting.
The brother (2-1/2-year-old) was seen in the ER tonight with this patient and discharged home with an albuterol prescription.
A nephew of the mom with an ear infection.
Mom also states that she herself was sick with the flu soon after delivery.
There has been recent travel exposure to dad's family over the Christmas holidays.
At this time, there is also exposure to indoor cats and dogs.
This patient also has positive smoking exposure coming from mom.
The patient is a 21-day-old Caucasian male here for 2 days of congestion - mom has been suctioning yellow discharge from the patient's nares, plus she has noticed some mild problems with his breathing while feeding (but negative for any perioral cyanosis or retractions).
One day ago, mom also noticed a tactile temperature and gave the patient Tylenol.
Mom was GBS status positive, but denies any other infections such as urinary tract infections.
At home live mom, dad, and 18-, 16-, 14-, 12-year-old brothers, and a 3-year-old sister.
All the residents at home are sick currently with cold, cough, runny nose, except for mom.
At home also live 2 dogs and 2 outside cats.
Mom denies any recent travel history, especially during the recent holidays and no smoke exposures.
The patient is a 10-day-old Caucasian female here for approximately 1 minute bilateral arm and leg jerks, which started at day of life 1 and have occurred 6 total times since then.
Mom denies any apnea, perioral cyanosis, or color changes.
Per mom, she does not spit up, and mom is also unable to notice any relationship between these movements and feeds.
Mom was notified by the nurses at birth that her temperature may be low of approximately 97.5 degrees Fahrenheit.
The patient lives at home with mother, father, and 2 other siblings.
There are no ill contacts.
Diastat was used and which mom perceived was effective.
X did note that mother reported that the patient had discontinued the Pulmozyme due to CCS reasons.
Mom reports he is taking his enzymes consistently as well as vitamins.
X, LCSW, notes that mom has recently gradually from respiratory therapy school and has accepted a position here at Children's Hospital.
He lives with both parents and both of them smoke.
There are no pets.
Mom has some upper respiratory infection.
Passive smoking.
The patient lives with both parents and no siblings.
There are smokers at home.
The patient lives with the mother.
She has 2 older male siblings.
The patient is a 1-month-26-day-old African-American female in her normal state of health until today when she was taken to her primary care physician's office to establish care and to follow up on her feeds.
The patient used to smoke cigarettes for about 20 years, one-half pack a day.
She currently does not, which was encouraged to continue.
She rarely drinks any alcohol-containing beverages.
She is a nonsmoker.
She is not sexually active.
She drinks four cups of coffee a day.
No soda.
No chocolate.
She said her husband hurt his hand and shoulder, and she has been having to care of him pretty much.
They walk every evening for one hour.
She fell last winter on the ice and really cracked her head and has had some problems with headaches since then and she has not returned to her job which was very stressful and hard on her.
She is a pleasant 73-year-old Caucasian female who had seen Dr XYZ with low back pain, lumbar degenerative disc disease, lumbar spondylosis, facet and sacroiliac joint syndrome, lumbar spinal stenosis primarily bilateral recess, intermittent lower extremity radiculopathy, DJD of both knees, bilateral pes anserinus bursitis, and chronic pain syndrome.
Reveals a pleasant Caucasian female.
Reveals a pleasant Caucasian female.
She is a pleasant 77-year-old Caucasian female who had seen Dr XYZ with right leg pain.
She smokes one pack a day for last 30 years.
She drinks beer approximately twice daily.
She denies use of recreational drugs.
She is married.
She lives with her spouse.
Reveals a pleasant somewhat emaciated Caucasian female.
This is a 12-year-old white male here with his mother for complaints of his right ear hurting.
Mother states he has been complaining for several days.
Mother states he has been doing well with regard to his asthma and allergies.
He will be attending Maize High School in the ninth grade.
No use of alcohol, cigarettes or other drugs.
This is a 14-1/2-year-old white male known to have asthma and allergic rhinitis.
Mother states that his temperature usually elevates at night.
Mother has not taken it since, and in fact she states today he seems much better.
This is an 18-month-old white male here with his mother for complaint of intermittent fever for the past five days.
Mother states he just completed Amoxil several days ago for a sinus infection.
Mother states she was diagnosed with a blocked tear duct on that side shortly after birth, and normally she has crusted secretions every morning.
This is a 12-month-old female here with her mother for a well-child check.
Mother states she has been doing well.
He could do better with milk intake, but Mother states he does eat cheese and yogurt.
This is a 9-year-old African-American male here with his mother for a well-child check.
Mother has no concerns at the time of the visit.
Mother was also worried.
The sister is in today with clinical sinusitis.
Mother and father have been healthy.
They have done over-the-counter Claritin and that seems to help but he is always sniffling mother reports.
Everyone else is healthy at home currently.
He is in seventh grade and going out for cross-country and track.
As mentioned, she is in foster care.
Foster mom is actually going to be out of town for a week the 19th through the 23rd, so she will probably be hospitalized in respite care because there are no other foster care situations that can handle the patient.
Biological Mom and Grandma do visit on Thursdays for about an hour.
Growth chart reviewed with Mom.
Mom says things are gone very well.
Everyone else is healthy at home.
He was treated on 04/14/2004, with amoxicillin for left otitis and Mom said he did seem to get better but just started complaining of the left ear pain today.
Mom brings the patient in today for possible ear infection.
The patient is a 74-year-old white woman who has a past medical history of hypertension for 15 years, history of CVA with no residual hemiparesis and uterine cancer with pulmonary metastases, who presented for evaluation of recent worsening of the hypertension.
Noncontributory.
This patient is a 57-year old white Cuban woman with a long history of rheumatoid arthritis.
The patient is a very pleasant 57-year old white female, a native of Cuba, being seen for evaluation and treatment of sores in her mouth that she has had for the last 10-12 days.
ETOH abuse (quit '92), 30pk-yr Cigarettes (quit '92)
Married.
One son deceased.
Salesperson.
Denied tobacco/ETOH/illicit drug use.
He was an 8 pound 10 ounce product of a full term, uncomplicated pregnancy-labor-spontaneous vaginal delivery to a G3P3 married white female mother.
lives with parents and sisters.
Married.
Part-time farmer.
Denied tobacco/ETOH/illicit drug use.
Married.
Rare cigarette use/Occasional Marijuana use/Social ETOH use per wife.
polysubstance abuse.
smoked 1 pack per day for 15years.
Denied tobacco or illicit drug use.
Rarely consumes ETOH.
Married with 2 teenage children.
Her husband recalled her first difficulties became noticeable after a motor vehicle accident in 2/94.
Married, Secretary, No h/o tobacco/ETOH/illicit drug use.
Her husband noted the development of mild dysarthria, incoordination, headache and exacerbation of preexisting lower back pain within 2 week of the accident.
The patient quit smoking in 1991, but was a heavy smoker (2-3ppd) for many years.
He had been a feed salesman all of his adult life.
This 39 y/o African American female began experiencing severe constant pressure pain type headaches beginning the last week of 8/95.
Single, lives with sister, and denies Tobacco/ETOH/illicit drug use.
Married, 7 children, driver for Fed Ex.
Denied tobacco/ETOH/illicit drug use.
unemployed.
2 years of college education.
Married 22 years.
He had difficulty holding a job.
His most recent employment ended 3 years ago as he was unable to learn the correct protocols for the maintenance of a large conveyer belt.
Prior to that, he was unable to hold a job in the mortgage department of a bank as could not draw and figure property assessments.
For 6 months prior to presentation, he and his wife noted (his) increasingly slurred speech and slowed motor skills (i.e. dressing himself and house chores).
His wife noticed "fidgety movements" of his hand and feet.
editorial assistant at newspaper, 40pk-yr Tobacco, no ETOH/Drugs.
The patient is a 34 year old white man with AIDS (CD4 -67, VL -341K) and Castleman's Disease who presents to the VA Hospital complaining of headaches, neck pain, and lower back pain over the last 2-3 weeks.
Patient is single and he lives alone.
He is heterosexual and has a history of sexual encounter with prostitutes in Japan.
He works as a plumber over the last 5 years.
He smokes and drinks occasionally and denies any history of IV drug use.
No blood transfusion.
No history of incarceration.
The patient is a 66-year-old African American gentleman with a past medical history of atrial fibrillation and arthritis who presented c/o progressively worsening shortness of breath.
The patient retired one year PTA due to his disability.
He was formerly employed as an electronic technician for the US postal service.
The patient lives with his wife and daughter in an apartment.
He denied any smoking history.
He used to drink alcohol rarely but stopped entirely with the onset of his symptoms.
He denied any h/o drug abuse.
He denied any recent travel history.
The patient is a 38 year old white female with no known medical problems who presents complaining of abdominal pain and discomfort for 3 weeks.
No tobacco, alcohol or illicit drug use.
Patient is born and raised in Oklahoma . No known exposures.
Married with 2 children.
The patient denies a history of smoking, drinking or intravenous drug use.
She came to the United States in 1973.
She works as a nurse in a newborn nursery.
Her hobby is gardening.
She traveled to Las Vegas on May 2000 and stayed for 6 months.
She denied ill contacts or pets.
A 50-year-old Asian female comes to The Methodist Hospital on January 2, 2001, complaining of a 3-day history of abdominal pain.
55 yo WM with reactive airways disease, allergic rhinitis who was in his usual state of health until he underwent a dental extraction with administration of cephalexin 1 week prior to admission.
No tobacco use, occasional EtOH, no known drug use, works as a real estate agent.
The patient is married with five children and lives with his wife.
He is a retired engineer and real estate broker.
He denies tobacco use.
He drinks alcohol occasionally with up to three drinks a week.
No history of drug abuse.
The patient is a 73 year old Caucasian male with a history of hypertension, end-stage renal disease secondary to reflux nephropathy / restriction of bladder neck requiring hemodialysis and eventual cadaveric renal transplant now on chronic immunosuppression, peripheral vascular disease with non-healing ulcer of right great toe, and peripheral neuropathy who initially presented to his primary care physician in May 2001 with complaints of low back pain and bilateral hip pain.
He is employed as a United States Marine officer, artillery repair specialist.
He was a social drinker in the past but quit altogether two years ago.
He never used tobacco products or illicit/intravenous drugs.
23-year-old Hispanic male who presented for evaluation of chronic abdominal pain.
The patient was from Brazil.
He moved to the United States one year ago.
He denied any history of tobacco, alcohol, or illicit drug use.
He was married and monogamous.
He worked as an engineer/manager, and stated that his job was "very stressful".
He had recently been admitted to an MBA program.
The patient denied recent travel or exposures of any kind.
The patient was a 27-year-old Hispanic man who presented with symptoms of confusion and hallucinations.
The patient was a 27-year-old Hispanic man who presented to St.
Luke's Episcopal Hospital with a five day history of confusion and hallucinations.
Patient is married and lives with her husband and 2 children.
Works in a business office.
Denies any tobacco, alcohol, or illicit drug use of any kind.
No history of sexually transmitted diseases.
Denies exposures to asbestos, chemicals, or industrial gases.
No recent travel.
No recent sick contacts.
The patient is a 37 year old African American woman with history of chronic allergic rhinitis who presents to an outpatient clinic with severe pain in multiple joints and hemoptysis for 1 day.
He was unemployed and denied any alcohol or drug use.
He was a prior &#x201c;mild&#x201d;
smoker, but quit 10 years previous.
40 year old Hispanic male presented to the emergency room complaining of generalized weakness, fatigue and dark urine for one week.
Denies using caffeinated beverages, alcohol or the use of any tobacco products.
Marital Status: Married.
Denies the use of alcohol.
Patient has a history of smoking 1 pack of cigarettes per day and for the past 15 years.
There are no animals inside the home.
Marital status:  Married.
Smoking history: Smoked 1 PPD, quit 12 years ago and after smoking for 30 years.
Alcohol history: Drinks socially.
Denies any history of drug abuse.
Marital status: Married.
The patient smokes 1 pack of cigarettes per day.
Denies use of alcohol.
The patient is right-handed.
She does not smoke and does not drink alcohol.
The patient is well-developed, well-nourished, black female.
Tobacco history: Smoke's 1 pack of cigarettes per day.
Denies the past history of alcohol.
Denies past / present illegal drug use of any kind.
Marital Status: Married.
Not currently working.
Marital status:   Married.
Smoking history: Smoked 1 PPD, quit 5 years ago and after smoking for 15 years.
Alcohol history: Drinks socially.
Denies any history of drug abuse.
The patient is a Hispanic female.
The patient is a 36 year old white female.
Marital status: married.
Patient states smoking history of 1 pack per day.
Patient quit smoking 1 year ago.
Admits to no history of using alcohol.
States use of no illicit drugs.
Occupation: truck driver.
Work status: on sick leave.
Marital status: married.
Children: three.
The patient lives at home with family.
Tobacco history: smokes two packs of cigarettes per day.
The patient denies the use of any alcoholic beverages.
The patient denies any current or past history of illegal / recreational drug or prescription drug abuse or addiction.
Family History: There are no known significant medical illnesses in the immediate and past family history.
Self employed.
Divorced and sexually active.
Smokes 1-2 packs/cigarettes per day and drinks alcohol socially.
She has a 27 pack year smoking history.
She denies any alcohol use.
She does have a history of chronic marijuana use.
This is a 43-year-old obese African-American female who appears in no acute distress.
This is a 43-year-old black female who was recently admitted and discharged yesterday for the same complaint.
It should be noted that on her hospital admission she would have times where she would feel extremely sick to her stomach, and then soon after she would be witnessed going outside to smoke.
Not available.
An older white male who is intubated, edematous, and appears uncomfortable.
She does not drink or smoke.
Lives in Fayetteville, Tennessee.
Obtained from Dr A on an 81-year-old white female, who is right handed, who by history, had a large stroke to the right brain, causing left body findings, last night.
The patient denies any alcohol, IV drug abuse, tobacco, or any recreational drugs.
A 48-year-old African-American male in no acute distress.
A 48-year-old African-American male with a history of coronary artery disease, congestive heart failure, COPD, hypertension, and renal insufficiency with:
Hypertensive etiology worsened by the patient's chronic cocaine abuse.
Hypertensive emergency most likely related to cocaine drug abuse.
A 48-year-old African-American male with a history of coronary artery disease, COPD, congestive heart failure with EF of 20%-25%, hypertension, renal insufficiency, and recurrent episodes of hypertensive emergency, admitted secondary to shortness of breath and productive cough.
He smokes one-and-one-half-packs of cigarettes per day and drinks alcohol at least several days per week.
He is employed in sales, which requires quite a bit of walking, but he is not doing any lifting.
He had been a golfer in the past.
The patient is married.
He had 1 child who died at the age of 26 months of unknown etiology.
He quit smoking 6 years ago but dips (smokeless) tobacco.
The patient is an 87-year-old white female who gives a history of polymyositis diagnosed in 1993.
She is a widow.
No tobacco, alcohol or IV drug abuse.
No tobacco, alcohol, or drug abuse.
The patient lives at Life Care Center.
She does not smoke, drink or use intravenous drugs.
Patient and daughter also deny weight loss, fevers, chills, sweats, nausea, vomiting, abdominal pain.
The patient denies smoking and drinking.
Also unknown.
He lives in a home where there are smokers.
This child lives with his mother and father, both are teenagers, unmarried, who are not well educated.
Grandmother is a heavy smoker.
The patient is married.
She uses no ethanol, no tobacco and no illicits.
She has a very support family unit.
The patient is a 71-year-old Caucasian female with a history of diabetes, osteoarthritis, atrial fibrillation, hypertension, asthma, obstructive sleep apnea on CPAP, diabetic foot ulcer, anemia and left lower extremity cellulitis.
Her husband states that he was at home with his wife, when she presented to him complaining of fever and chills.
Patient admits tobacco use She relates a smoking history of 40 pack years.
Patient denies alcohol use, Patient denies illegal drug use, Patient denies STD history, Patient denies tobacco use.
Patient admits alcohol use Drinking is described as social, Patient denies tobacco use, Patient denies illegal drug use, Patient denies STD history.
Patient denies alcohol use.
Patient denies illegal drug use.
Patient denies STD history.
Patient denies tobacco use.
Patient admits caffeine use She consumes 3-5 servings per day, Patient admits alcohol use Drinking is described as social, Patient admits good diet habits, Patient admits exercising regularly, Patient denies STD history.
He is not a smoker.
He does drink six beers a day.
Patient admits alcohol use Drinking is described as social, Patient denies illegal drug use, Patient denies STD history, Patient denies tobacco use.
Patient denies alcohol use.
Patient denies illegal drug use.
Patient denies STD history.
Patient denies tobacco use.
Patient denies smoking, alcohol abuse, illicit drug use and STDs.
Parent admits child is in a large daycare.
The child is accompanied by her mother who communicates well in English.
Patient admits alcohol use, Drinking is described as heavy, Patient denies illegal drug use, Patient denies STD history, Patient denies tobacco use.
Divorce and live alone, retired postal worker, has 3 children, 7 grandchildren.
He smokes 1 pack a day of Newport for 30 years and is a social drinker.
He denies any illicit drug use.
69-year-old Caucasian male complaining of difficulty breathing for 3 days.
He is married and has support at home.
He denies tobacco and illicit drug use and drinks two to three alcoholic beverages a day and up to four to nine per week.
She is divorced.
She does not have support at home.
The patient quit smoking 17 years ago;
prior to that had smoked one pack per day for 44 years.
Denies any alcohol use.
Denies any IV drug use.
She lives with her parents.
Denies the use of alcohol or tobacco.
The patient is currently in school.
She is brought in by her mother.
Mother appears loving and caring.
There is no evidence of abuse.
The patient lives here locally.
She does not report any significant alcohol or illicit drug use.
She works full time.
Past medical history on the patient, past surgical history, current medications, drug-related allergies and social history have all been updated and reviewed, and enclosed in the chart.
AF was born and raised in San Francisco.
His father was an alcoholic.
He currently lives with his sister, and does not work;
he collects a pension.
AF reports that he smokes 1 to 2 cigarettes per day, and drinks 40 ounces of beer per day.
Patient AF is a 50-year-old hepatitis C positive African-American man presenting with a 2-day history of abdominal pain and distention with nausea and vomiting.
50 year old African-American man in acute distress, writhing on gurney and rubbing abdomen.
AF is a 50-year-old African-American man with abdominal pain and distention, obstipation, and vomiting.
This is a 43-year-old black man with no apparent past medical history who presented to the emergency room with the chief complaint of weakness, malaise and dyspnea on exertion for approximately one month.
He occasionally drinks and is a nonsmoker.
The patient participated in homosexual activity in Haiti during 1982 which he described as "very active." Denies intravenous drug use.
The patient is currently employed.
This is a thin, black cachectic man speaking in full sentences with oxygen.
He awoke during the night with severe ear pain, and mom states that this is the third time this year he has had earaches.
Patient, 13 years old, comes to your office with his mother complaining about severe ear pain.
Patient's Mom states that he takes no prescribed medications or OTC medications, but he admits that he has been taking his dad's OTC Pepcid AE sometimes when he gets heartburn.
Mom or his sister cooks supper in the evening.
The family goes out to eat once or twice a week and he only gets "fast food" once or twice a week according to his Mom.
Mom reports that patient has been afebrile with each of the earache episodes, and he has not had upper respiratory symptoms.
The history of "heartburn" relieved by his father's medication was striking.
Patient's mother reports a normal pregnancy with no complications, having received prenatal care from 12 weeks.
Patient lives with both parents and two siblings (brother - age 11 years, sister - age 15 years).
He reports enjoying school, remains active in scouts, and is very excited about being on the wresting team.
Mom reports that he has several friends, but she is concerned about the time required for the wrestling team.
Patient is in 8th grade this year and an A/B student.
Used to smoke and drink alcohol but at present does not.
This patient, a 41 year-old male, was at a coffee shop, where he works as a cook, and hot oil splashed onto his arm, burning from the elbow to the wrist on the medial aspect.
Patient is a 21-year-old white woman who presented with a chief complaint of chest pain.
She had a baby five months ago.
She smokes a half pack a day.
She denies alcohol and drug use.
She does not smoke or drink alcohol.
Denies alcohol or drugs.
Smokes 2 packs of cigarettes per day.
Works as a banker.
The patient is a 40-year-old white male who presents with a chief complaint of "chest pain".
The patient is a 40-year-old white male.
No known history of drug or alcohol abuse.
Work, diet, and exercise patterns are within normal limits.
The patient is a non-smoker.
No alcohol abuse.
The patient is married with no children.
He said he quit smoking 20 years ago and does not drink alcohol.
He used to live in Canada and he moved to Houston four months ago.
This is a 42-year old Caucasian male with no previous history of hypertension, diabetes mellitus, rheumatic fever, rheumatic heart disease, or gout.
A pleasant 41-year-old African-American male who stands 5 feet 6 inches and weighs about 193 pounds.
This is a 49-year old African-American male who was diagnosed with end-stage renal disease secondary to hypertension.
He is a nonsmoker.
He denies any alcohol.
No illicit drugs.
He used to work as the custodian at the nursing home, but now on disability since 03/2008.
He is married with 2 sons, ages 5 and 17 years old.
The patient does not smoke nor drink alcohol.
The patient is a nonsmoker, he denies use of alcohol.
The patient does not smoke.
She consumes alcohol moderately.
The patient does not smoke nor drink alcohol.
No smoking or drinking.
Married and lives with wife.
This is a 26-year-old Caucasian male of unknown employment, who has been living with his father.
No history of hypertension or diabetes mellitus.
Active smoker.
Cholesterol status, borderline elevated.
No history of established coronary artery disease.
Family history positive.
Active smoker.
Does not consume alcohol.
No history of recreational drug use.
Hyperlipidemia, smoking history, and chest pain.
History of hypertension, history of diabetes mellitus, nonsmoker.
Cholesterol elevated.
History of established coronary artery disease in the family and family history positive.
He is married, nonsmoker, does not consume alcohol, and no history of recreational drug use.
History of hypertension.
No history of diabetes mellitus.
Nonsmoker.
Cholesterol status is borderline elevated.
No history of established coronary artery disease.
Family history noncontributory.
He is married.
Nonsmoker.
Does not consume alcohol.
No history of recreational drug use.
No hypertension or diabetes mellitus.
Nonsmoker.
Cholesterol status is normal.
Questionable history of coronary artery disease.
Family history noncontributory.
She is married, nonsmoker.
Does not consume alcohol.
No history of recreational drug use.
History of hypertension, no history of diabetes mellitus, ex-smoker, cholesterol status elevated, no history of established coronary artery disease, and family history positive.
Married, ex-smoker, and does not consume alcohol.
No history of recreational drug use.
History of hypertension, no history of diabetes mellitus, active smoker, cholesterol elevated, questionable history of coronary artery disease, and family history is positive.
Married, active smoker, does not consume alcohol.
No history of recreational drug use.
Smoking history, hypertension, and hyperlipidemia.
No history of hypertension or diabetes mellitus.
Nonsmoker.
Cholesterol normal.
No history of established coronary artery disease and family history noncontributory.
She is a nonsmoker.
Does not consume alcohol.
No history of recreational drug use.
History of hypertension, no history of diabetes mellitus, nonsmoker, cholesterol status unclear, no prior history of coronary artery disease, and family history noncontributory.
She is a nonsmoker.
Does not consume alcohol.
No history of recreational drug use.
She is a nonsmoker.
She does not consume alcohol.
No history of recreational drug use.
History of borderline hypertension.
No history of diabetes mellitus.
Nonsmoker.
Cholesterol status is within normal limits.
No history of established coronary artery disease.
Family history noncontributory.
History of hypertension, no history of diabetes mellitus, ex-smoker, cholesterol status borderline elevated, no prior history of coronary artery disease, and family history noncontributory.
He is an ex-smoker.
Does not consume alcohol.
He lives in Utah, presently spending few months in Arizona.
History of hypertension, history of gestational diabetes mellitus, nonsmoker, and cholesterol is normal.
No history of established coronary artery disease and family history noncontributory for coronary disease.
Nonsmoker.
Does not consume alcohol.
No history of recreational drug use.
The patient is a former smoker, reportedly quit in 2007.
He used cocaine in the past, reportedly quit in 2005.
He also has a history of alcohol abuse, but apparently quit more than 10 years ago.
This is a 53-year-old Hispanic man with diabetes, morbid obesity, hepatitis C, cirrhosis, history of alcohol and cocaine abuse, who presented in the emergency room on 01/07/09 for ground-level fall secondary to weak knees.
The patient admits to heavy alcohol drinking in the past, quit several years ago.
He is also a former cigarette smoker, quit several years ago.
No history of any smoking, alcohol or drug abuse.
No history of any smoking, alcohol, or drug abuse.
The patient is a registered nurse by profession.
He smoked 2 to 3 packets per day for at least last 10 years.
He quit smoking roughly about 20 years ago.
Occasional alcohol use.
This is a 66-year-old Native American gentleman, a patient of Dr X, my associate, who has a past medical history of coronary artery disease, status post stent placement, admitted with chest pressure around 4 o'clock last night.
The patient lives alone.
He is unemployed, disabled.
He has history of tobacco use in the past.
He denies alcohol or drug abuse.
A well-appearing African-American male lying comfortably in bed, in acute distress.
The patient is a 67-year-old African-American male, who was recently discharged from the hospital on July 21, 2008 after being admitted for altered mental status and before that after undergoing right above knee amputation for wet gangrene.
Denies tobacco and alcohol use.
She endorses marijuana use and a history of cocaine use five years ago.
Upon review of the Baptist lab systems, the patient has had multiple positive urine drug screens and as recently as February 2008 had a urine drug screen that was positive for benzodiazepines, barbiturates, opiates, and marijuana and as recently as 2005 with cocaine present as well.
This is a 48-year-old black male with stage IV chronic kidney disease, likely secondary to HIV nephropathy who presents to clinic for followup having missed prior clinic appointments.
He lives here in ABCD.
He is employed at the sales counter of a local butcher shop.
He continues to smoke one pack of cigarettes daily, as he has for the past 28 years.
He denies any alcohol or illicit substances.
This is a 48-year-old black male with stage IV chronic kidney disease likely secondary to HIV nephropathy, although there is no history of renal biopsy, who has been noncompliant with the Renal Clinic and presents today for followup at the recommendation of his Infection Disease doctors.
She does not smoke or drink.
She is married with two children.
He lives alone.
He works full time in Human Resources for the State of Maryland.
He previously was an alcoholic, but quit in 1984.
He also quit smoking cigarettes in 1984, after 16 years of smoking.
He has a history of illicit drug use, but denies IV drug use.
He denies any HIV risk factors and states that his last HIV test was over two years ago.
He previously worked with pipeline work, but has been on disability for five years.
He is unsure which symptoms led him to go on disability.
He has previously smoked about two packs of cigarettes daily for 20 years, but quit about 20 years ago.
He denies alcohol or illicit drug use.
He lives with his wife.
He does not really have any hobbies.
He lives alone.
He recently lost his partner.
This happened about six months ago.
He denies alcohol, tobacco, or illicit drug use.
He is now retired.
He is very active and walks about four miles every few days.
The patient lives with his wife.
He was an IT software developer, but he has been out of work for several months.
He smokes less than a pack of cigarettes daily.
He denies alcohol or illicit drug use.
She is married.
She does not smoke, use alcohol or use illicit drugs.
This is a somewhat anxious elderly African-American female who tends to amplify findings on examination.
This is a 77-year-old African-American female with multiple medical problems who presents with episodic positionally related dizziness of unclear etiology.
This is a 77-year-old African-American female with multiple medical problems including CHF (O2 dependent), atrial fibrillation, diabetes mellitus, hypothyroidism, possible stroke, multiple joint disease including gout, arthritis, both rheumatoid and DJD, who presents with a complaint of one month of dizziness.
He is retired from the social security administration x 20 years.
He travels a lot and is extremely active.
He does not smoke.
He consumes alcohol socially only.
He does not use illicit drugs.
He is married.
This is a very active and pleasant 82-year-old white male with a past medical history significant for first-degree AV block, status post pacemaker placement, hypothyroidism secondary to hyperthyroidism and irradiation, possible lumbar stenosis.
The patient is a 62-year-old African-American male with a significant past medical history of diabetes, hypertension, previous stroke in 2002 with minimal residual right-sided weakness as well as two MIs, status post pacemaker insertion who first presented with numbness in his lower extremities in 2001
Discussed above and documented on the chart.
He does not smoke.
He lives in a senior citizens building with daily nursing aids.
He previously was a security guard, but is currently on disability.
The patient is a 45-year-old African-American female whose symptoms first started some one and a half years ago with pain in the left shoulder and some neck pain.
She was born and raised in Baltimore.
She has not performed farming or kept birds or cats.
Tobacco: None.
Occupation:  She is a registered nurse at Spring Grove Hospital.
Exposure: Negative to asbestos.
The patient is a civil engineer, who currently works from home.
She is working approximately half time because of limitations imposed on her by her disability, need to attend frequent physical therapy, and also the needs of looking after her baby.
She does not smoke and does not drink and has never done either.
The patient stopped smoking 27 years ago, he smoked approximately two packs a day with combined cigarettes and cigars.
He has not smoked for the past 27 years.
He hardly ever uses alcohol.
He is currently retired.
The patient is retired on disability due to her knee replacements.
She does not smoke, drink or use any illicit drugs.
The patient is a 76-year-old Caucasian gentleman who works full-time as a tax attorney.
The patient obtained a law degree from the University of Baltimore.
He did not complete his undergraduate degree from the University of Maryland because he was able to transfer his credits in order to attend law school at that time.
He reported that he did not obtain very good grades until he reached law school, at which point he graduated in the top 10 of his class and had no problem passing the Bar.
He thought that effort and motivation were important to his success in his school and he had not felt very motivated previously.
He reported that he repeated math classes "every year of school" and attended summer school every year due to that.
He has worked as a tax attorney for the past 48 years and reported having a thriving practice with clients all across the country.
He served also in the U.S.
Coast Guard between 1951 and 1953.
He has been married for the past 36 years to his wife, Linda, who is a homemaker.
They have four children and he reported having good relationship with them.
He described being very active.
He goes for dancing four to five times a week, swims daily, plays golf regularly and spends significant amounts of time socializing with friends.
The patient reported that she had worked as a nurse supervisor for Hospital Center for four years.
The patient reported that she rarely drinks alcohol and she denied smoking or using illicit drugs.
The patient was born and raised in North Carolina.
She was the sixth of nine siblings.
Her father was a chef.
He completed third grade and died at 60 due to complications of diabetes.
Her mother is 93 years old.
Her last job was as a janitor.
She completed fourth grade.
She reported that she has no cognitive problems at this time.
Family medical history is significant for diabetes, heart disease, hypertension, thyroid problems, sarcoidosis, and possible multiple sclerosis and depression.
The patient completed a Bachelor of Science in Nursing through State University in 1979.
She denied any history of problems in school such as learning disabilities, attentional problems, difficulty learning to read, failed grades, special help in school or behavioral problems.
She was married for two years.
Her ex-husband died in 1980 from acute pancreatitis secondary to alcohol abuse.
She has two children ages 43 and 30.
Her son whose age is 30 lives nearby and is in consistent contact with her and she is also in frequent contact and has a close relationship with her daughter who lives in New York.
In school, the patient reported obtaining primarily A's and B's.
She said that her strongest subject was math while her worst was spelling, although she reported that her grades were still quite good in spelling.
The patient worked for Hospital Center for four years.
Prior to that, she worked for an outpatient mental health center for 2-1/2 years.
She was reportedly either terminated or laid off and was unsure of the reason for that.
Prior to that, she worked for Walter P. Carter Center reportedly for 21 years.
She has also worked as an OB nurse in the past.
She reported that other than the two instances reported above, she had never been terminated or fired from a job.
In her spare time, the patient enjoys reading, participating in women's groups doing puzzles, playing computer games.
She lives with her husband.
She is a nonsmoker and no history of drug or alcohol abuse.
She does drink two to three drinks daily.
She completed 12th grade.
He is married and retired.
He has nine children, 25 grandchildren.
He smokes one pack per day.
He smoked 50 pack years and had no intention of quitting according to him.
The patient is very well known to me, an 81-year-old lady with dementia, a native American with coronary artery disease with prior bypass, reduced LV function, recurrent admissions for diarrhea and hypotension several times in November and was admitted yesterday because of having diarrhea with hypotension and acute renal insufficiency secondary to that.
She lives with husband, who is elderly, cannot take care of her.
She does not smoke or drink alcohol currently.
He is a nonsmoker.
He occasionally has a beer.
He is married.
He works as a flooring installer.
She is a nonsmoker.
She occasionally has a drink every few weeks.
She is divorced.
She has 2 sons.
She is houseparent at Southern University.
She lives with mom, sister, and her grandparent.
He is a tobacco user.
He does not drink.
He lives alone, but has family and social support to look on him.
He does smoke two packs of cigarettes per day.
He has no alcohol or drug use.
He is a painter.
There were possible illicit drugs.
Her family is present, and I have discussed her case with her mother and sister.
She is a sedated, young black female in no acute distress, lying in bed intubated.
The patient's previous medical history includes a long history of illegal drug use to include cocaine, crystal methamphetamine, and marijuana.
The patient is married.
Lives with her husband.
They are retired from ABC.
She has had 9 pregnancies and 8 living children.
She has been quite active at her ranch in Mexico.
She raises goats and cattle.
She drives a tractor and in short, has been very active.
Negative for illicit drugs, alcohol, and tobacco.
The patient is married.
She was born and raised in South Dakota.
She moved to Colorado 37 years ago.
She attended collage at the Colorado University.
She is certified public account.
She does not smoke.
She drinks socially.
he patient is married.
She was born and raised in South Dakota.
She moved to Colorado 37 years ago.
She attended collage at the Colorado University.
She is certified public account.
She does not smoke.
She drinks socially.
The patient is married but has been separated from his wife for many years, they remain close, and they have two adult sons.
He is retired from the Air Force, currently works for Lockheed Martin.
He was born and raised in New York.
He does have a smoking history, about a 20 pack-year history and he reports quitting on July 27.
He does drink alcohol socially.
No use of illicit drugs.
The patient has been married to her second husband for the past ten years.
Her first husband died in 1995.
She does not have a smoking history and does not drink alcohol.
The patient is single.
He currently lives with his mother in house for several both in New York and here in Colorado.
His mother moved out to Colorado eight years ago and he has been out here for seven years.
He currently is self employed and does antiquing.
He has also worked as nurses' aide and worked in group home for the state of New York for the developmentally delayed.
He is homosexual, currently not sexually active.
He does have smoking history as about a thirteen and a half pack year history of smoking, currently smoking about a quarter of a pack per day.
He does not use alcohol or illicit drugs.
He reports being under significant amount of stress as he and his mom just recently moved from their house to a mobile home.
She has two sons and an adopted daughter.
She is married long term, retired from Avon.
She is a nonsmoker, nondrinker.
She does not drink or smoke.
The patient is an elderly thin white female, very pleasant, in no acute distress.
She does not smoke and she does not drink.
She lives with her daughter.
The patient does not smoke.
She does have an occasional alcoholic beverage.
She has no tobacco use.
She has rare alcohol use.
No illicit drug use.
She has a 20-pack year history of tobacco use.
She has rare alcohol use.
She has no illicit drug use.
She is in the process of getting divorced.
She has a 24-year-old son in the area and 22-year-old daughter.
The patient is married.
She is employed as an office manager.
She does smoke cigarettes, one pack per day for the last 20 years.
She consumes alcohol 3 to 5 drinks daily.
She uses no illicit drugs.
She exercises monthly mainly walking and low impact aerobics.
She also likes to play softball.
The patient is single.
She is a full-time student at University.
Uses no tobacco, alcohol, or illicit drugs.
She exercises weekly, mainly tennis and swelling.
The patient is an 18-year-old girl brought in by her father today for evaluation of a right knee injury.
She does not smoke cigarettes, abuse alcohol, no use of illicit drugs.
She is divorced and lives alone and is a retired laboratory technician from Cornell Diagnostic Laboratory.
She does not smoke cigarettes, abuse alcohol, nor use any illicit drugs.
She is retired from Morse Chain and delivering newspapers.
She is widowed.
She lives alone but has family members who live either on her property or adjacent to it.
Unable to obtain as the patient becomes quite sleepy when I am talking.
She used to smoke cigarettes and smoked from the age of 14 to 43 and quit at the time of her bypass surgery.
She does not drink alcohol nor use illicit drugs.
She lives alone and is widowed.
She is a retired custodian at University.
Of note, she is accompanied with her verbal consent by her daughter and grandson at the bedside.
She does not smoke cigarettes.
She uses alcohol.
No use of illicit drugs.
She is divorced and lives with her daughter.
She is a retired medical librarian from Florida.
The patient does not smoke cigarettes, abuse alcohol nor drink any caffeine.
No use of illicit drugs.
He has been married for 22 years and he is actually accompanied throughout today's cardiology consultation by his wife.
He is not participating in regular exercises now because he states since starting flecainide, he has gotten sluggish.
He is employed as an attorney and while he states that overall his mental stress is better, he has noted more recent mental stress this past weekend when he was taking his daughter back to college.
Alcohol drinking history, quit smoking about 30 years ago.
The patient is married.
Lives with mom and dad.
Dad is a service manager at GMC;
4-year-old son, who is healthy;
and 2 cats, 2 dogs, 3 chickens, 1 frog.
They usually visit to a ranch, but not recently.
No sick contact and no travel.
This is a 3-week-old Caucasian baby boy admitted for rule out sepsis and congenital heart disease.
This is a 3-week-old, NSVD, Caucasian baby boy transferred from ABCD Memorial Hospital for rule out sepsis and possible congenital heart disease.
The patient apparently has a history of methamphetamine use and cocaine use approximately 1 year ago.
He also has a history of marijuana used approximately 1 year ago.
He currently states that he is in a rehab program.
The patient is a junior at Hoover High School.
She lives with her mom in Fresno.
He lives with mom, dad, brother, sister, and everybody is healthy.
They live in Easton.
They have 4 dogs, 3 cats, 3 mules and no deer.
At school, he is in second grade and he is doing PE without any limitation.
This is a 7-year-old white male who has no history of systemic disease, who until 2 months ago, was doing well and 2 months ago, he started to complain of pain in his fingers, elbows, and neck.
The patient denies alcohol consumption.
He does smoke approximately one and a half packs of cigarettes per day.
His education is that of 12th grade.
He does admit to one half pack of cigarette consumption per day.
He denies any alcohol consumption.
The injured worker denies tobacco or alcohol consumption.
This is a 47-year-old gentleman, who works offshore as a cook, who about 4 days ago noted that he was having some swelling in his ankles and it progressively got worse over the past 3 to 4 days, until he was swelling all the way up to his mid thigh bilaterally.
He is married.
He does smoke despite understanding the risks associated with smoking a pack every 6 days.
Does not drink alcohol or use any recreational drug use.
He was on no prescribed medications.
He did have a fairly normal PSA of about 119 and I had ordered a renal ultrasound which showed fairly normal-sized kidneys and no evidence of hydronephrosis or mass, but it was consistent with increased echogenicity in the cortex, findings representative of medical renal disease.
The patient is married.
He lives with his wife.
He is employed as a barber.
He does not use alcohol, tobacco, or illicit drugs.
A well-appearing, obese black male.
The patient is a 41-year-old African-American male previously well known to me.
This patient is a 24-year-old African-American female who presented to the hospital with buttock pain.
This is an overweight African-American female not in any distress.
Negative for smoking and drinking.
Currently lives with her mom, dad, and two siblings.
She is at home full time and does not attend day care.
The patient is a nonsmoker and does not use illegal drugs.
Occasionally drinks.
The patient's parents continued to undergo a separation and divorce.
The patient spends time with his father and his family during the first part of the week and with his mother during the second part of the week.
Still smokes, but less than before.
Drinks socially.
The patient is a 70-year-old Caucasian female with prior history of lung cancer, status post upper lobectomy.
The patient is a 95-year-old Caucasian male visiting from out of state, admitted because of the fall and could not get up and has a cough with dark color sputum, now admitted with pneumonia and a fall and the patient's BNP level was high, for which Cardiology consult was requested.
He does not smoke.
Drinks occasionally.
No smoking or drinking.
No drugs.
Denies tobacco, alcohol or illicit drugs.
She was living alone and is now living in assisted living.
He is living with his wife, next door to one of his children.
He has been disabled since 2001, due to the back problems.
Significant for alcohol abuse.
Significant history of alcohol abuse, according to the emergency room physician, who sees her on a regular basis.
The patient had a long history of smoking but quit many years ago.
He does have chronic alcohol use.
A very thin white male who is dyspneic and having difficulty breathing at the moment.
Married.
He is retired, being a Pepsi-Cola driver secondary to his back and knees.
No tobacco or alcohol.
Chewed until 2003.
Golfs, gardens, woodworks.
A pleasant, cooperative 57-year-old white male.
The patient lives locally.
She is a widow.
She does not smoke cigarettes or use illicit drugs.
The patient is an elderly frail white female in no distress.
He is married and has 1 son.
He has a brother who is healthy.
There is no history of tobacco use or alcohol use.
Briefly, this is a 36-year-old robust Caucasian gentleman with no significant past medical or surgical history, who works as a sales representative, doing a lot of traveling by plane and car and attending several sales shows, developed acute shortness of breath with an episode of syncope this weekend and was brought in by paramedics to Hospital.
No tobacco, alcohol or IV drug use.
The patient lives in a board and care.
No tobacco, alcohol or IV drug use.
The patient's son is at the bedside and confirmed his history.
Not available.
The patient lives at a skilled nursing facility.
The patient is widowed and a retired engineer.
He denies cigarettes smoking or alcohol intake.
The patient is a well-developed, well-nourished elderly white male who is currently in no acute distress after receiving analgesics.
The patient is an 89-year-old white male who developed lower abdominal pain, which was constant, onset approximately half an hour after dinner on the evening prior to admission.
No history of smoking, alcohol, or drug use.
She lives at home.
She lives with her husband, usually walks with a walker and wheelchair-bound, does not walk much as per the husband knows.
No history of alcohol abuse or smoking.
The patient is a 76-year-old obese Caucasian female with past medical conditions that includes hypertension, history of urinary incontinence, dementia, and chronic back pain, basically brought by the husband to the emergency room because of having excruciating back pain.
History of alcohol use in the past.
Denies any tobacco or alcohol use.
She is divorced with 2 children.
She lives with her son.
Smokes none.
Alcohol none.
The patient denies tobacco, alcohol or drug use.
Significant for history of osteoporosis, hypertension, tobacco dependency, anxiety, neurosis, depression, peripheral arterial disease, peripheral neuropathy, and history of uterine cancer.
She lives with her boyfriend.
The patient has a history of heavy tobacco and alcohol abuse for many years.
She lives with her boyfriend.
The patient has history of tobacco abuse as well as multiple illicit drug abuse.
As mentioned before, the patient's toxicology screen was positive for morphine, methadone, and marijuana.
She is a nondrinker and nonsmoker and currently lives at the skilled nursing facility.
The patient is married.
Wife is living and well.
He jogs or does Cross Country track 5 times a week, and weight training twice weekly.
No smoking or significant alcohol intake.
He is a physician in allergy/immunology.
This 59-year-old white male is seen for comprehensive annual health maintenance examination on 02/19/08, although this patient is in excellent overall health.
He has quit smoking, but unfortunately was positive for cocaine during last hospital stay in 01/08.
She is retired as a cook in a school cafeteria, where she worked for 34 years.
She retired 7 years ago because of low back pain.
She used to smoke 2-1/2 packs per day for 32 years, but quit in 1995.
Denies alcohol, and denies IV or illicit drug use.
A well-developed, well-nourished, middle-aged African American female in no acute distress.
The patient is a very pleasant 62-year-old African American female with atrial fibrillation of unknown duration with symptoms of paroxysmal episodes of palpitations, doing well today.
The patient is a very pleasant 62-year-old African American female with a history of hypertension, hypercholesterolemia, and CVA, referred by Dr X for evaluation and management of atrial fibrillation.
Denies any smoking or alcohol.
She is married since 44 years, has 3 children.
She used to work as a labor and delivery nurse up until early 2001 when she retired.
This is a 62-year-old right-handed now left-handed white female with tremor since 5th grade.
The patient smokes approximately 2 packs per day times greater than 40 years.
He does drink occasional alcohol approximately 5 to 6 alcoholic drinks per month.
He denies any drug use.
He is a retired liquor store owner.
He is a well-developed, well-nourished Caucasian male, who appears slightly older than stated age.
The patient is a 68-year-old Caucasian male with a history of gross hematuria.
The patient is single.
He is a student.
He does not smoke, drink alcohol or consume drugs.
The patient is married.
He works as a truck driver and he drives in town.
He smokes two packs a day and he has two beers a day he says, but not consuming illegal drugs.
Tobacco abuse.
Tobacco abuse.
This is a 56-year-old white male who has been complaining of having had a lump in the chest for the past year or so and it has been getting larger and tender according to the patient.
They questioned the patient who is a truck driver whether he has had an auto accident in the past, he said that he has not had anything major.
The patient does not smoke.
She quit 25 years ago.
She drinks one beer a day.
She works as a medical transcriptionist.
He is a smoker.
He takes rare alcohol.
His employment is that he does dynamite work and actually putting in the dynamite in large holes for destroying ground to that pipeline can be laid.
He travels to anywhere for his work.
He is married with one son.
She is not working.
Please see above.
The patient is a pleasant, 31-year-old, right-handed, white female who injured her shoulder while transferring a patient back on 01/01/02.
She formerly worked for Veteran's Home as a CNA.
Half pack of tobacco x3 years.
No alcohol, occasional marijuana, and no IV drug use.
He lives alone, single and no children.
This is an alert and oriented African-American male x3 and in no acute distress.
This is a 32-year-old African-American male who came to ABCD General Hospital with the above chief complaint.
Lives in a 1-story home with 1 step down;
wife is there.
Speech and language pathology following with current swallowing dysfunction.
He is minimum assist for activities of daily living, bed mobility.
He is a nonsmoker and nondrinker.
Prior boxer.
He lives in a home where he would need to be independent during the day.
Family  relatives intermittently available.
Goal is to return home to an independent fashion to that home setting.
This 61-year-old retailer who presents with acute shortness of breath, hypertension, found to be in acute pulmonary edema.
Negative for coronary disease.
Dad died of lung cancer.
His wife particularly had a very hard time with this prognosis.
Ongoing tobacco use.
She smokes about 6-7 cigarettes per day and has done so for more than 50 years.
She quit smoking about 6 weeks ago.
She occasionally has alcohol.
She is married and has 3 children.
She lives at home with her husband.
She used to work as a unit clerk at XYZ Medical Center.
She is single, lives with her 21-year-old daughter, works as CNA, smokes one pack per day for the last 8 years.
She had periods when she quit smoking and started again 2-1/2 years ago.
She denied alcohol abuse and she was using cocaine in the past, last time she used cocaine 10 years ago.
Tobacco abuse.
This is a 53-year-old African American female with 15 years known history of HIV and hepatitis B, and known history of compensated heart failure, COPD, who presented today with complaint of stuck food in her esophagus, bloody cough, and bloody vomiting since 4 o'clock this vomiting, when she ate eggplant parmigiana meal.
Parents do smoke around the house.
Mr ABC is a 2-year-old boy, who is brought in by parents, stating that the child keeps complaining of belly and back pain.
No tobacco or alcohol.
Mother began prenatal care in the ** trimester and had at least ** documented prenatal visits.
She did not smoke, drink alcohol, or use illicit drugs during pregnancy.
Level of participation/activities involved in:  Reading and housework.
Ms ABC is an 87-year-old white female who presented to the Cornea Clinic today for a one-week history of decreased vision in the left eye.
She is currently an eighth grader at Middle School and is interested in basketball.
She lives with both of her parents and has a 9-year-old brother.
She had menarche beginning in September.
Mr ABC is a 61-year-old Caucasian male who presents to us today as a new patient.
He is in Juvenile Hall for about 25 more days.
He is a nonsmoker.
The patient resides full time at ABC supervised living facility.
He is nonsmoker, nondrinker.
He uses wheelchair and moves himself about with his feet.
He is independent of activities of daily living and dependent on independent activities of daily living.
The patient is unable to make his own health care decision and his daughter ABC has medical power of attorney.
History of alcohol abuse.
He works hard running 3 companies.
He immigrated to this country in 1984, although he lists himself as having a green card still at this time.
He states he lives on his own.
He is a single male with no history of marriage or children and that he had high school education.
His recreational drug use in the chart indicates that he has had a history of methamphetamines.
The patient denies this at this time.
He also denies current alcohol use.
He does smoke.
He is unable to tell me of any PCP.
He is in counseling service with his case manager being XYZ.
Patient is a 72-year-old white male complaining of a wooden splinter lodged beneath his left fifth fingernail, sustained at 4 p.m. yesterday.
Patient is married and is a nonsmoker and lives with his wife.
The patient is a pleasant elderly white male who is sitting on the stretcher in no acute distress.
The patient is married and lives with his wife.
Patient is a middle-aged white male who is sitting on the stretcher in no acute distress.
Patient is a 50-year-old white male complaining of continued lower back pain.
Patient is a 14-year-old white female who presents with her mother complaining of a four-day history of cold symptoms consisting of nasal congestion and left ear pain.
Patient lives with her mother, who is here with her.
Patient is a healthy-appearing, white female, adolescent who is sitting on the stretcher, and appears only mildly ill.
Patient is a 76-year-old white male who presents with his wife stating that he was stung by a bee on his right hand, left hand, and right knee at approximately noon today.
Patient is married and is a nonsmoker and lives with his wife, who is here with him.
In general, the patient is an elderly white male who is sitting on the stretcher in no acute distress.
Patient is a healthy-appearing, middle-aged white female who is lying on the stretcher and appears only mildly ill.
The patient is married and is a nonsmoker, and lives with her husband, who is here with her.
